---
Static
---
'''While adding a page, when to select what type of pages'''
Select static page for !-SetUp-!, !-TearDown-!, pages in page object. They are not executable by itself.
Suite Page is like a folder which can be executed. All tests inside it will be executed if you click 'Suite' button on a Suite page.
Test page is a executable test.

'''Organize your own folder'''
In the home page, you can follow '''Web''' example to organize your own folder.

'''Writing a test'''
There are sample test cases that you can refer when you launch FitNesse page. Test case writing involves following steps.
1. Create a suite. Add '''!-SetUp-!''' and '''!-TearDown-!''' just like the example. You don't have to create '''!-SetUp-!''' or '''!-TearDown-!''' in sub-suites unless you want to use a different '''!-SetUp-!''' config.
2. Create sub-suite/test for your module following the examples in '''Web''' in the homepage. Top-most suite should have the content similar to '''Web''' suite.
3. Click '''Available Steps''' link in the footer and follow instructions to get  the sequence of steps in the test case. Once finished, copy the texts.
4. Come back to the test you created in earlier step and paste the contents. You are ready to execute test now.

'''Variable'''
A static variable can be defined in any page which can be used by current or child pages.
''!define DATABASE_IP {123.123.12.12}''
Assign and use a variable dynamically during test execution.
''|$valueFromResponse= |Get from response |country.name|''

'''Commenting'''
If you want to comment one line, add one extra pipe in the front.   e.g.    | |$valueFromResponse= |Get from response |name|
If you want to comment the whole table, add pipe followed by comment.

'''Escaping'''
To prevent converting text into a link, you have to escape special text like url, email, telephone number, new line character, !-WikiWord-! then escape it per [[Guide][http://fitnesse.org/FitNesse.UserGuide.QuickReferenceGuide#CharacterFORMATTING]]
----
'''Use of locator in test for Selenium/Appium'''
You can use id (id=someId) or class (class=someClass) or xpath (xpath=somexpath) by name (name=submit) by text (text=Log In) or by css selector (input[value='hello']).
