---
Help: Use it to update existing steps or to add a new step
Test
---
'''!style_blue(To update steps, follow below steps
1. Click on ''Show available steps'' in the footer and follow instructions to get desired steps to clipboard.
2. Come back to this page and edit the content and file name here. File name follows <area>-steps.json pattern. e.g. api-steps.json, database-steps.json etc. Ensure it follows the same pattern and is a valid json document.
3. Run this page.
4. Now, available steps for that page is updated.)'''
-----

!define FILE_NAME {area-steps.json}
!define CONTENT {!-

[{"id":1,"step":"|Set suite name|Some name|","help":"Creates the node on the left in the extent report. Use it just once in a central location, ideally in SetUp."},{"id":2,"step":"|Set child node|some name|","help":"This will set one child node in the extent report right panel which is ideal for data driven tests."},{"id":3,"step":"|Set test name|${PAGE_NAME} |","help":"Creates a node in the test report or a sub-node if you defined a scenario/child node already. If you want both a suite and test in this single step, use suite_name::test_name"},{"id":4,"step":"|Update report |","help":""},{"id":5,"step":"|Write in report|Some content|","help":""},{"id":6,"step":"|Show image|http://someurl.png|with message|Some message |","help":""}]

-!}


!|script                                                                                                     |
|Set test name                      |Sample test                                                             |
|$matchesSchema=                    |Does                           |${CONTENT}  |match schema|${JSON_SCHEMA}|
|Is                                 |$matchesSchema                 |equal       |true                       |
|Set conditional value for next step|$matchesSchema                                                          |
|Create file                        |FitNesseRoot/files/${FILE_NAME}|with content|${CONTENT}                 |
|Reset conditional value for next step                                                                       |
